docs(README.md): small tweaks (#554)
valora-inc/hooks: README.md

> # Mobilestack Hooks

Reviewer: nit: we use this copy on https://www.mobilestack.xyz/
```suggestion
# Mobile Stack Hooks
```

[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/valora-inc/hooks?color=blue)](https://github.com/valora-inc/hooks/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/valora-inc/hooks/.github/workflows/workflow.yaml?branch=main)](https://github.com/valora-inc/hooks/actions/workflows/workflow.yaml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/valora-inc/hooks)](https://codecov.io/gh/valora-inc/hooks)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/valora-inc/hooks#contributing)

> Mobilestack Hooks allows developers to extend an app's functionality (_e.g._, the Valora wallet) by writing short programs called "hooks". These hooks are called in response to certain in-app or blockchain events and are used to provide the application with additional information and features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mobile Stack Hooks allows developers to extend an app's functionality (_e.g._, the Valora wallet) by writing short programs called "hooks". These hooks are called in response to certain in-app or blockchain events and are used to provide the application with additional information and features.
```
